[DOC-318] Added OS support for RHEL 9.3 on x86 (#21977)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/releases/ybdb-releases/v2.20.md

For an RSS feed of all release series to track the latest product updates, point your feed reader to the [RSS feed for releases](../index.xml).

{{<warning title="Changes to supported operating systems">}}

> YugabyteDB 2.20.3.0 and newer releases supports Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.3 on x86-based systems. Refer to [Operating system support](../../../reference/configuration/operating-systems/) for the complete list of supported operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YugabyteDB 2.20.3.0 and later releases support Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.3 on x86-based systems. Refer to [Operating system support](../../../reference/configuration/operating-systems/) for the complete list of supported operating systems.
```

Reviewer: Seems like a New feature - "Added support for Red Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9.3 on x86-based systems. Refer to [Operating system support](../../../reference/configuration/operating-systems/) for the complete list of supported operating systems."
